✨ Caps update timelock error skip flag (#22)
aave-dao/aave-v3-risk-stewards: README.md

The generator generates the scripts for doing the updates in `src/contracts/updates` directory.

The script can be executed by running: `make run-script network=mainnet contract_path=src/contracts/examples/EthereumExample.sol:EthereumExample broadcast=false generate_diff=true skip_timelock=false` where:

- `broadcast=` determines if the calldata should be sent to safe
- `generate_diff=` determines if diff report should be generated

> - `skip_timelock=` determines if caps update timelock errors should revert the script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `skip_timelock=` determines if timelock errors should revert the script, helpful in generating diff report / calldata when the current timelock has not ended.
```
